FIrst draft of MK-5055 (#1470)
input-output-hk/hydra: docs/docs/installation.md

# Installation

Selecting the right installation method for the `hydra-node` depends on your requirements and technical preferences. Below are the primary methods to get started quickly and efficiently.

### Docker

> For rapid deployment, Docker offers the most straightforward method to install and run `hydra-node`. Use the following commands to pull the latest Docker image and display the help options to verify the installation:

Reviewer: Why do we need to explain / paraphrase the command coming after? I'd prefer short and concise over lengthy text.

Reviewer 2: This should work @oduameh :

The quickest way to install and run a `hydra-node` is by using Docker images:

Author: Updated

### Prebuilt binaries

> For users who prefer a traditional installation or do not use Docker, prebuilt binaries are available. We provide prebuilt binaries of `hydra-node` and `hydra-tui` for both x86_64 Linux and ARM64 MacOS platforms. These binaries are statically linked (as much as possible) to ensure ease of use across different systems. For more information, see our [github releases](https://github.com/input-output-hk/hydra/releases).

Reviewer: This is way longer but does not add any information.

Reviewer 2: Agree, suggest a slightly revised shorter version:

We provide statically linked binaries of `hydra-node` and `hydra-tui` for x86_64 Linux and ARM64 MacOS platforms. These binaries are available as attachments in our [GitHub releases](https://github.com/input-output-hk/hydra/releases).

Author: Updated

### Build from source

> While using docker is the recommended way to _use_ Hydra, you can also build the `hydra-node` from source. We recommend using [nix](https://nixos.org/download.html) for this and the instructions can be found in our [Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/input-output-hk/hydra/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While using Docker is the recommended way to _use_ Hydra, you can also build the `hydra-node` from source. We recommend using [Nix](https://nixos.org/download.html) for this and you can find instructions in our [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/input-output-hk/hydra/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```
